DOCS-3003: Add prerequisite of physically assembling hardware to components and services (#3540)
viamrobotics/docs: docs/components/arm/lite6.md

# SMEs: Bucket, Motion
---

Configure a `lite6` arm to add a [UFACTORY Lite 6](https://www.ufactory.cc/product-page/ufactory-lite-6/) to your machine.

> Connect your arm to your machine and turn it on if you want to test your arm as you configure it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to test your arm as you configure it, connect it to your machine's computer and turn it on.
```

# SMEs: Bucket, Motion
---

Configure a `lite6` arm to add a [UFACTORY Lite 6](https://www.ufactory.cc/product-page/ufactory-lite-6/) to your machine.

> Connect your arm to your machine and turn it on if you want to test your arm as you configure it.

Author: ```suggestion

Connect your arm to your machine and turn it on if you want to test your arm as you configure it.
```

> Make sure to first physically assemble the Lite 6, connect it to your machine's computer, and turn it on.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Make sure to first connect the arm to your machine's computer and turn it on.
```
